Blade of Breaking	Make a disarm or sunder attempt against an opponent’s weapon without provoking attacks of opportunity.
Circular Stance	Flankers do not receive combat bonus against you when flanking.
Prince’s Attitude	+4 AC against attacks of opportunity while moving, +2 bonus to Reflex and Will saves until next turn.
Red Zephyr’s Strike	Make a melee attack, then make an immediate 10-ft. movement.
Scarlet Einhander	+2 shield bonus to AC and +1d6 damage on attacks when fighting with one weapon.
Scything Strike	Make a melee attack on two adjacent enemies as a single attack.
Garnet Lance	Melee attack inflicts an additional 2d6 points of damage and ignores damage reduction.
Regal Blade	Add +2 to attack roll and +1d8 to damage roll on a single melee attack.
Rising Zenith Strike	Make a Sense Motive check, strike does double damage.
Sanguine Barrier	Make a Sense Motive check to block an attack.
Dazing Attack	Make a melee attack, strike inflicts +2d6 points of damage and may daze enemy.
Scarlet Eye’s Perception	Next melee attack is resolved as a touch attack.
Strike of Defeat	Make a melee attack against a foe, deals additional damage based on current hit points.
Unfettered Movement	Gain an additional +10 ft. to base speed, +4 bonus to AC vs. attacks of opportunity.
Noble Blade	+5 to attack roll and +2d8 to damage roll on a single melee attack.
Red Zephyr’s Dance	Each successful melee attack allows the martial disciple to move 10 ft. and make an additional attack.
Sanguine Perseverance	Use Sense Motive in place of relevant save on saving throw.
Weeping Scarlet Razor	Arterial strike that inflicts an additional 4d6 points of damage and grants the bleeding condition on the target.
Riddle of Iron	Melee attack that inflicts an additional 5d6 points of damage and dazes a target for one round.
Ruby Zenith Strike	Make a Sense Motive check, strike does triple damage.
Sanguine Perfection	Temporarily overcome negative condition ailments.
Scarlet Riposte	Make a Sense Motive check opposing an enemy’s attack roll, if successful, block the attack then make an immediate counter attack inflicting an additional 3d6 points of damage.
Blade of Perfection	Melee attack unerringly hits and ignores damage reduction.
Final Blow	Make a melee attack; if foe is below 25% of maximum hit points, target is slain.
Red Zephyr’s Fleetness	Add +30 ft. to your movement for the round and 50% miss chance on incoming attacks.
Scarlet Duelist Attitude	Add +5 insight bonus to AC and initiative.
Royal Blade	+5 to attack roll and +5d8 to damage roll on a single melee attack, potentially cowering foe.
Ruby Battle Lord’s Strike	Make a full attack at a single target using full base attack bonus for each attack with a +2 insight bonus.
Sanguine Proclamation	Powerful attack that inflicts an additional 10d6 points of damage and potentially knocks the target prone.
Descending Sunset Strike	Make a Sense Motive check, strike does quadruple damage.
Riddle of Steel	Make a melee attack, strike inflicts an additional 10d6 points of damage and stuns target for 1d4 rounds.
Scarlet Majesty Stance	Enemies must make a Will save to attack you.
Heavenly Blade of the Scarlet Throne	Make a melee attack, if successful, add an additional 100 points of damage to your weapon damage and enemy is left paralyzed.